first attempt at refactoring README (#10742)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/contributing/authoring-content.md

<!-- vale off -->

# Authoring Content

## Documentation Content

Create a branch to keep track of all your changes.

```sh
git checkout -b <branch_name>
```

Make changes to any markdown files in the [`docs/docs-content`](../docs-content/) folder.

Start the local development server and preview your changes by navigating to the documentation page you modified. You
can start the local development server by issuing the following command:

```sh
make start
```

When you are done with your changes, stage your changes and create a commit

```sh
git add -A && git commit -m "docs: your commit message here"
```

## Creating Pages

The documentation website is structured in a sidebar with main pages and sub-pages. Main pages will contain an overview
of the its sub pages.

### Anatomy of a documentation page

The **navigation** sidebar will be something across all pages.

> The **header** will have a search bar and some links to different other sections of the documentation (api)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **header** will include a search bar and links to different sections of the documentation (API).
```

The page **content** will be displayed under the header and next to the sidebar. On it's right there will be a **table
of contents** menu that will extract all of the headers inside the content and display them in a list. This will follow
the user as he scroll the page. On top of the table of contents there will be a **github link** to the content of the

> file. This can be used by users to submit changes to different sections of our documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The page **content** will be displayed under the header and next to the sidebar. On the right, there will be a **table
of contents** menu that will extract all of the headers inside the content and display them in a list. This will follow
the user as they scroll the page. On top of the table of contents, there will be a **GitHub link** to the content of the
file. This can be used by users to submit changes to different sections of our documentation.
```

### Main Pages

Create a page with the filename `<url-using-dashes>.md` in the `docs-content` folder of the `content` directory. For
positioning the document in the sidebar, you can use `sidebar_position: 1` in the front matter. To manage folders,
create a `_category_.json` file with `{position: 1}` inside the desired directory.

**Example of attributes**

```markdown
---
title: "Introduction"
sidebar_label: "Introduction"
description: "Palette API Introduction"
hide_table_of_contents: false
sidebar_custom_props:
  icon: "graph"
---
```

#### Front Matter Attributes

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

An exhaustive list of front matter attributes is available in the [Docusaurus documentation](https://docusaurus.io/docs/api/plugins/@docusaurus/plugin-content-docs#markdown-front-matter).

```

Reviewer: You could consider just linking to that page and removing this table.

| `hide_table_of_contents`                    | boolean | setting this to `false` will hide the page from the navigation                                          |
| `sidebar_position`                          | number  | the position of the page in the navigation sidebar. The pages are sorted ascending by this value        |
| `toc_min_heading_level`                     | number  | the minimum heading level to show in the table of contents. The default value for all documents is `2`. |
| `toc_max_heading_level`                     | number  | the maximum heading level to show in the table of contents. The default value for all documents is `3`. |
| `tags`                                      | array   | A list of string that can be used for additonal categorization of content.                              |
| `keywords`                                  | array   | A list of strings that areused for SEO purposes.                                                        |

### Sub pages

Create a folder using the **same name** of the main page. Inside of it use the same name convention

> (`<url-using-dashes>.md`) to create subpages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a folder using the **same name** of the main page. Inside it, create a Markdown file with the same name convention
(`<url-using-dashes>.md`) to create subpages.
```
